I don't suspect a nigga didn't go to pay
back up gramin bank my bike for Matt
Damon yeah let my junk man
oh oh oh oh oh bench coach won't jump it
by one day in court all day I just uh go
bundle enema but one more on a coma at
the moment and you're going on Ewing my
I grow someone take the murmur
Mojang ina gruesome murder but Victor
bumpy but John oops I kinam that that
meant a virgin oh ah oh oh my friend
John here Oh beside man come on open up
some panko bond may go five never baby
at the height technomate they go semana
coma hey yo Mick number oh hey no man
ain't / tickle on oh man Punk junkie on
hoping to thought they made another
month a big mouth mmm I don't me I'm me
about me don't beg you my bed oh I
remember Norman jump him try the charmer
come enjoy the pan alley
I'm in a minute man attention come over
tomorrow ok go to crow about the ball
right at the bottom
companies air palm I thought my cankles
they prolly get half after hey no I mean
young good okay buddy oops I got my
chicken nugget atlantic oh come on boy
oh damn it mentioned done you're not on
my phone I co-regent mean a good general
Coburn hi palm miss up angel an echo I
mean compare sometime having a high neck
Oh Ange amarte anacoco I quite
hm Oh Jack I need a focus on my
intention no need but you saw some juice
on my theta must not bad but manner oh
man that girls like that I'm a pitcher
boivin laughter mocking you with my
BAE Nick I or topic I ain't gonna come
with me oh I'm a mafia seen ogk getting
about the high denied making or a bum
knee oh right now Looney jetpack a leap
and co-wrote my salon tabako mo money mo
cha